Create ui-c8y-1021-13-1-label-for-display-as-function-overlapped-by-header-graft-release-cd.md (#2696)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/application-enablement/ui-c8y-1021-13-1-label-for-display-as-function-overlapped-by-header-graft-release-cd.md

---
date: ""

> title: Fixed overlapping label for the "Display as" function in the header

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Label for the "Display as" function no longer overlaps with other elements in the header
```

> title: label for 'display-as' function overlapped by header [GRAFT][release/cd] (#7708)

Author: The Claude AI suggested to use the following title:
```suggestion
title: Fixed overlapping label for the "Display as" function in the header
```

product_area: Application enablement & solutions
change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
component:
  - value: component-YbYJ3gLU_
    label: Web SDK
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-61821
version: 1021.13.1
---

> label for 'display-as' function overlapped by header [GRAFT][release/cd] (#7708)

Author: The Claude AI suggested to use the following body:
```suggestion
In the Cumulocity user interface, the label for the "Display as" function in the header was overlapping with other header elements, making it difficult to read and select the desired option. This issue has now been resolved. The label for "Display as" is now properly positioned and no longer overlaps with the header, ensuring a clear and accessible user interface for all users. This change improves the usability and visual clarity of the "Display as" function in the Cumulocity header.
```

> In the Cumulocity user interface, the label for the "Display as" function in the header was overlapping with other header elements, making it difficult to read and select the desired option. This issue has now been resolved. The label for "Display as" is now properly positioned and no longer overlaps with the header, ensuring a clear and accessible user interface for all users. This change improves the usability and visual clarity of the "Display as" function in the Cumulocity header.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the {{< product-c8y-iot >}} user interface, the label for the "Display as" function in the header was overlapping with other header elements, making it difficult to read and select the desired option. This issue has now been resolved. The label for "Display as" is now properly positioned and no longer overlaps with the header, ensuring a clear and accessible user interface for all users. 
```
